Establishing versioned snapshots of documentation (#3)
dafny-lang/dafny-lang.github.io: README.md

---
layout: default
---

## Snapshots of documentation

> The current development work and git history of documentation is in the `dafny-lang//dafny` repository, in the `docs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current development work and git history of documentation is in the `dafny-lang/dafny` repository, in the `docs`
```

folder.

This `dafny-lang/dafny.github.io` repo is the target for `https://dafny.org` and is the entry point to all the user-facing
documentation about Dafny. What is here is a _snapshot of the documentation at the time of the latest release_.

> There are also links (at `https://dafny.org/snapshots) to all of the past snapshots since this process began (with v3.8.2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are also links (at `https://dafny.org/snapshots`) to all of the past snapshots since this process began (with v3.9.0).
```
